# WordPaths API Reference #
```py
class WordGraph
```
A class that represents a mapping of words to their neighbors.


**Constructors**:

`build_from_file()`


**Attributes**:

`dictionary: list[str]`

all words represented in the graph

`graph : dict[str, set[str]]`

map of words to a list of their neighors


**Operators**:

`__get_variations(word)`

Returns a list of variation patterns that match the `word`.


---
```py
__init__()
```
Construct a WordGraph from a list of strings.


**Parameters**:

`dictionary : list[str]`

List of words used to generate the graph

---
```py
build_from_file()
```
Constructor. Build a WordGraph from a file.

Files are expected to contain a list of strings, separated by newlines.


**Parameters**:

`path : str`
location of source file

---
```py
__get_variations()
```
Return a list of variation patterns that match a word.

Variation patterns are strings which are one addition, subtraction, or substitution different from the input word. Wildcards are reprented by underscores.


**Parameters**:
`word : str`

basis for variation patterns

---
```py
class WordPath
```
A class that represents a path from a start_word to an end_word.

A WordPath path is generated by traversing a WordGraph using a breadth first search.


**Attributes**:

`start_word : str`

word that begins a path

`end_word : str`

word that ends a path

`paths : dict[str, str]`

maps a word to the its neighbor previous in the path

`queue : deque[str]`

tracks words that will be visited in a breadth first search

`graph : WordGraph`

graph of words that can be travesed to build a WordPath

---
```py
__init__()
```
Construct a WordPath.


**Parameters**:
`start_word : str`

word that begins a path

`end_word : str`

word that ends a path

`graph : WordGraph`

graph that can be travered to build a WordPath


```py
find_one_step()
```
Advance one step in a breadth first search.

Update self.queue and self.paths.

```py
get_path()
```
Find the shortest bath between two words. Returns an array with the shortest path.

Paths only include words from the graph.

